This data set consisted of information on UFO Sightings such as the countries 
that they were spotted, the state on those countries that they were spotted, 
the different shapes of the UFO, how long it was seen for(seconds and hours), 
and which year the UFO Sighting was posted. 
In my first dashboard, I first looked at which countries had UFO Sightings 
Geographically. I then used that information to see how many different states 
per country had UFO Sightings. I then went Further to see how many UFO 
Sightings were posted per Year and lastly I then used that information to see 
how many postings were made each year per country. 
After carefully looking at the information, I concluded that US has had the 
most UFO Sightings, as well has had the most amount of states. And that more 
of the UFO Sightings posted each year were mainly on the UFO Sightings that 
took place in the US.  

In the second dashboard I created, I then looked at how many UFO Sightings 
each country had. I was then eager to see how many different UFO shapes each 
country had, and as expected I found that US had the most amount of shapes. 
There were too many Shapes to visualize, so I then decided to take the top 5 
most seen shapes and see how many UFO Sightings there were for each, I found 
that light was the most common seen shape. I then took that information and 
broke it down further to determine how many UF0 Sightings of each shape there 
were for each country. And lastly, I wanted to know what was the total duration 
(hours) each shape was seen for. 
After looking at my analysis, I was able to conclude that US had the most amount 
of UFO Sightings, as well has the most amount of different UFO Shapes that were 
seen. I then noticed that light was the most seen shapes, which was followed by 
a circle, then a triangle, shapes that were unknown and a fireball. I also 
determined that the US had the most amount UFO Sightings per shape and that
except for the last 3 shapes, the circle was the most seen shape, followed 
closely by light.  